register `tune_args()` and `tunable()` methods unconditionally (#117)
tidymodels/tidyclust: NEWS.md

# tidyclust (development version)

> * The workflows methods for `generics::tune_args()` and `generics::tunable()` are now registered unconditionally (#115).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The cluster specification methods for `generics::tune_args()` and `generics::tunable()` are now registered unconditionally (#115).
```
